Add note about the DSC experimental feature (#9284)
MicrosoftDocs/PowerShell-Docs: reference/docs-conceptual/learn/experimental-features.md

> [!CAUTION]
> The new behavior is a **breaking change** from current behavior. This may break scripts and
> automation that work around the various issues when invoking native applications. Historically,

> > quotes must be escaped and it'sn't possible to provide empty arguments to a native application.

Author: ```suggestion
> quotes must be escaped and it isn't possible to provide empty arguments to a native application.
```
